generate aws.yml file

- make sure to create application.yml file first. Create user via script. Run seed file. visit /twofactor

-> need funny animations for each image
-> want to make multiupload work
-> problem with prev next on changes
-> make look better

-> confetti when subscribe
-> fix unsubscribe
-> welcome email
-> weekly digest
-> make look better
-> capistrano deployment
-> more hidden gems. right now unsubscribe, subscribe will be confetti or background changes multi colour, clikcing twitter can make the bird kind of fly, facebook can do a bunch of twirls or something.  404 PAGE! FUNNY

dev
-> use postgress -> might stay with sqlite because single-user? Actually no, many users, none change.
-> make transitions better
-> mailchimp set up (or just grab emails or something)
-> two factor authetnication -> NOW
6178422
-> think about sharing!



-> editor for quick comics with characters used already ( not vital)
-> shop branch with merch (NO) -> will work on if have time.
-> rspec (NO)

-> make weekly (YES) -> kinda done

-> copy for emails + work on production (YES) -> need to do
-> contact page with contact vals (YES NECESSARY) -> kinda done?
-> contact iamges and stuff animations -> need to do
-> check browser compatbility
-> past click here visual random generated
-> copy changes
-> postgress
-> automate twitter and facebook
-> update about and welcome email gif (YES) -> need to do! -> think work
-> www webfont not showing? -> need to do -> solved
-> vert center -> kinda hacky but done-> better upload (drag and drop and publish private) NECESSARY -> kinda done.
-> email grabber and then weekly digest NECESSARY -> kinda done
-> need to host images on s3 or imgur because too long to load. -> need to do -> Kinda done I think?
-> handle subscribers better. if doesn't work (KINDA DONE) -> done?
-> confetti overlap -> needs banner (KINDA DONE) -> done?
-> make sub click once -> and handle errors for subscriber (KINDA DONE) -> done?
-> rearrange tabs (WHAT DOES THIS MEAN?) -> ???
-> need title for comics (YES) -> done + publish title
-> rearrange and delete comics as see fit (so hide them) (YES) -> done
-> flash nice look (KINDA EXISTS) -> need to work on
-> outline around tabs (YES) -> need to do
-> rearrange pictures (YES) -> done

-> view images for kacper (save, publish?) (YES) -> done

- animations
- weekly email change to published over week (not uploaded)
- contact gif fix
- random on past big this one



-sketch 3
-  finance presentation
- read books (emyth, kawaski again?, personal finance (get to etfs), rework, great companies)
- pack (sunscreen, checklist)
-  badcomics push
- update site
- read about israel
- connect leds
